Timestamps, again (#4469)
duckdb/duckdb-web: docs/sql/data_types/timestamp.md

1992-09-20 11:30:00.123456+00
```

```sql
SELECT TIMESTAMPTZ '1992-09-20 12:30:00.123456789+01:00';
```

```text
1992-09-20 11:30:00.123456+00
```

DuckDB distinguishes timestamps `WITHOUT TIME ZONE` and `WITH TIME ZONE` (of which the only current representative is `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE`). 

Despite the name, a `TIMESTAMP WITH TIME ZONE` does not store time zone information. Instead, it only stores the `INT64` number of non-leap microseconds since the Unix epoch `1970-01-01 00:00:00+00`, and thus unambiguously identifies a point, or [*instant*]({% link docs/sql/data_types/timestamp.md#temporal-binning }), in absolute time. The reason for the labels *time zone aware* and `WITH TIME ZONE` is that timestamp arithmetic, [*binning*]({% link docs/sql/data_types/timestamp.md#temporal-binning }), and string formatting for this type are performed in a [configured time zone]({% link docs/sql/data_types/timestamp.md#time-zone-support}), which defaults to the system time zone and is just `UTC+00:00` in the examples above.  

> The corresponding `TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE` stores the same single `INT64`, but arithmetic, binning, and string formatting follow the straightforward rules of UTC without offsets or time zones. Accordingly, `TIMESTAMP`s could be interpreted as UTC timestamps, but more commonly they are used to represent *local* observations of time recorded in an unspecified time zone, and operations on these types can be interpreted as mechanical manipulation of record fields.

Author: ```suggestion
The corresponding `TIMESTAMP WITHOUT TIME ZONE` stores the same single `INT64`, but arithmetic, binning, and string formatting follow the straightforward rules of UTC without offsets or time zones. Accordingly, `TIMESTAMP`s could be interpreted as UTC timestamps, but more commonly they are used to represent *local* observations of time recorded in an unspecified time zone, and operations on these types can be interpreted as mere manipulation of tuple fields following nominal temporal logic.
```
